[THEME MUSIC]
>> DAVID WILCOCK: All right,
welcome back to Cosmic
Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
here with Emery Smith.
And in this episode,
we're going to start
talking about underground
civilizations.
Emery, welcome back to the show.
>> EMERY SMITH:
Thank you, David.
Glad to be here.
>> DAVID: In the past, you've
talked to me about a very
interesting technology that
apparently can see quite a bit
more below the surface
of the earth than what
our conventional scientists
would think is possible,
so could you talk a little
bit about that first.
>> SMITH: Yes, sure.
I mean, it all started
using satellites, of course
looking into the oceans.
Of course, the astronauts
also while orbiting,
would look into
the oceans and see
these crashed, old wreckages,
and ships that they knew,
of course, had a
lot of gold in them.
And treasure
hunters also started
dealing with the
inside governments
to buy time on these
amazing satellites that
could see these things.
>> DAVID: So this is not
something that conventional
people have access to.
>> SMITH: No.
No, they don't.
>> DAVID: This is
an insider thing.
>> SMITH: It's an insider thing.
There are a couple
of organizations
that do own satellites, or
private corporations that
use them for looking into
walls to see if they're
infested in foreign countries
with like insects and bugs,
believe it or not.
So they can see, actually,
inside a wall from a satellite
and see what kind of bug it is
and tell you what kind of bug
it is.
So that has now been
an advance to look
into the ground, a little bit.
But they have developed
a special radar, now.
It's a ground penetrating, low
frequency, back-scattered wave
pattern device, which gives
you a volumetric image that's
about 400 times better
than a CAT scan.
So you can actually see
what it is and you can also
tell what type of material
it is, which is very helpful.
Let's say, in Saudi Arabia,
for the Kings there,
if they have a backpack bomber
running down their driveway,
they could just basically fly
the drone over it or shoot
the wave at them, and they
know how much explosives he has
in his backpack before
he even--you know--
gets near the compound.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: So this type of device
has been used by the military
and for the DOD.
I can't say who has this or--
but it is privately owned.
>> DAVID: One
question, real quick.
So we have the periodic
table of the elements--
we're up to 120 something.
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: Are there certain
elements that you can't see
with this?
Or how does work?
>> SMITH: If it's not elements
that have already been
discovered, you will
not know what is--
the way that comes back will be
unknown, or unknown from earth.
>> DAVID: Right.
But as far as the
rest of the periodic--
>> SMITH: Everything
is logged into this.
Like a rife machine
with frequencies,
they have done the same
thing with this device.
So they have measured
every type of element
that there is, and have measured
how that frequency comes back.
That's why they can build,
not only a volumetric image,
but actually tell you
exactly what it is.
A good-- one of the great things
about this device is I can put
it on a drone, fly
out to an oil tanker--
and this is the test we did--
and in one of those
giant tankers that
hold hundreds of thousands
of gallons of oil,
we could put a small amount of
uranium inside a sealed box,
inside a 55 gallon
oil drum, drop it
to the bottom of
this tanker, and fly
this drone over 10 miles
before it even gets into port,
and it will tell you exactly
where that uranium is
and what it is and
where on the ship it is.
It's that detailed.
So it's a very amazing, useful,
protective thing we have,
that I hope many
people listen to this.
And I hope the--
POTUS kind of knows about
it, but doesn't know about it
kind of thing.
And I think this would help him
in the fight against terror,
because this way it
will scan everything
and you will know everything
before it even happens.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: It's a very-- so
when we were hired, my team,
to go out to look for, in
an undisclosed location
in the United States of America,
to go remote view an area that
has been known--
has been getting these hits
of a possible gold reservoir,
we went out and met
with the scientists
and this amazing
team, and they were
looking for a special
treasure, I'll say.
And, I can get into that later.
But the thing is, they were
looking for a special treasure.
They hired a colleague, a
couple colleagues of mine
and myself, to go out
there and to first
lay the flags on the mountain
where we thought it was.
And we were--
>> DAVID: Yeah, and let
me just say Emery that--
for you folks watching
this don't know this,
but you and I do--
I actually got to
talk to your team.
So this was not just something
that I'm hearing from you now.
>> SMITH: That's true.
>> DAVID: And it was something
we were very involved
in for a while.
>> SMITH: Yes you were.
Yes, absolutely.
So what had happened
is we went out there,
we laid down the flags, they
ran this special radar over it,
and we were 99.9%
percent effective.
So we--
>> DAVID: In what?
>> SMITH: In finding out
where the gold was at.
>> DAVID: So there was
a large amount of gold--
>> SMITH: A large
amount of gold.
They were after these
treasure hunters
that was working
with the government,
I believe, maybe, maybe not.
That's a speculation.
So--
>> DAVID: But the really
cool part of the story--
>> SMITH: The really cool part
of the story is a scientist
called me in that
developed this system--
an amazing person-- and my
team in, and sat us down,
a few of us, and said--
showed us this giant void
underneath the earth where--
way deep below the gold.
And we were like, well, what's
this giant hollow space here?
And what is that giant pyramid?
And he said, how did you--
how did you know about that?
How did you-- did you
go through my files?
I said, no, but we saw it
when we remote viewed it.
And I said, well, why didn't
you write that in your report?
He says, because it came
back unknown elements.
And I'm only out here to do
one thing, and that's to find--
to confirm the gold.
And I said, this is the most
amazing, groundbreaking thing
on the planet.
And he's like, yeah,
well, with my device,
I can see all the
way through the earth
and see everything
in the earth, so
just think what I
have already seen
and what am I going to
do with this information.
This was the same
technology they
used to find the tunnels
in Mexico that were
coming through the borders.
They used this technology.
And the Mexican cartel actually
put a hit out for this man
because they found out, because
the government was already
infiltrated as well.
So even though he saved US--
you know, bless this
man that he had helped
and came to the forefront and
saved US with his technology.
He also almost
got killed for it.
So we found, not only
that, but we also
found a lot of other
interesting things,
and the pyramid there were
like 10 times the size of Giza.
So it was a very big void,
here, in North America.
A very large, large
area and a large aquifer
kind of surrounding it.
And its own atmosphere.
And he can measure
atmospheric pressure, too,
which was interesting.
So with this device, he can
do so many different things.
So there are civilizations,
I can confirm,
that have their own atmosphere,
their own luminescence,
their own life, and their
own water supply that
are deep within the earth.
>> DAVID: Well, you also
had mentioned to me,
when we talked about this
before, that there were some,
I believe, cubicle rooms
that you guys found,
that didn't have any
entrances or exits.
>> SMITH: That was the
very interesting thing.
The back-scatter radar,
low-frequency radar actually
showed cubes--
these giant cubed rooms and
small cubed rooms of emptiness
that were perfectly cut.
We measure using-- we
can measure exactly
to the millimeter how
big these rooms are
and how small they are and they
were cut like perfect cubes.
And this bedrock-- we're
talking about 1,000 feet down
to 3,500 feet down.
And it's like how on earth
are these cubes down there,
near this area, by the way?
And maybe there is something
inside those cubes,
but we don't have the technology
to see it or to analyze it,
because it just comes
back as unknown.
And one of the elements
that we discovered--
that why we were called
in, and some of the things
they found down there was a huge
reservoir of pure white gold.
White gold, not meaning--
the gold that is mixed with
metal today, like white gold
on your chains--
we're talking about from
ancient civilization,
white gold--the powder--
the mana.
The mana that you hear about.
>> DAVID: And you said, when
we were talking about the smart
suits, that there was a white
gold fuel that would create
antigravity in the smart suit.
>> SMITH: That is correct.
>> DAVID: Is that the
same type of stuff?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
And it was
interesting, because--
>> DAVID: I mean, this
was very fascinating.
>> SMITH: --the government moved
right in and bought pretty much
all the property up until
this part of this land,
which is a really
great confirmation.
>> DAVID: Right.
I also remember you showing me
some of the volumetric imaging
of what clearly appeared
to be a stairwell that
had been back-filled.
So could you talk about that?
>> SMITH: Yes, we
found giant stairwells,
underneath the ground.
And these giant, huge
voids-- we're talking,
hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of acres that
go on for thousands of miles.
And these are not just caverns.
They're caverns,
but they're also
something different
about them, because there
are certain parts of the caverns
that you can't make it up
where there's an actual steps--
steps going thousands
of feet down--
perfect steps.
We did find the outlines
of craft and also
a large sarcophagi.
>> DAVID: So do you think these
were giant humans of some kind?
>> SMITH: Yes.
They were about 30-33 feet tall.
>> DAVID: Wow.
So, that's the older
stuff, for sure.
>> SMITH: Yes.
But we did find something on
the radar that was really cool,
too.
And that was in the
middle of the aquifer
was a large, large
rock that did not
look like it was
connected to the mainland.
And it was just there.
And I'm talking a few miles--
>> DAVID: Like a boulder,
a massive boulder.
>> SMITH: So imagine water
going over the boulder
and the boulder was hollow and
did have a type of ruins in it.
>> DAVID: Oh, Wow.
>> SMITH: Right.
And one of the reasons
that we needed the suits
was actually to
drill and then go
through the aquifer with the
suits and then drill into that.
But the problem is we
didn't want to flood it.
We couldn't find out a way how
not to flood the giant egg.
Because that would wash
away all the white gold.
>> DAVID: The white
gold was inside the egg?
>> SMITH: In that egg, yes.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: And it
was all submerged?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: So how would your
smart suit help you to get
into the egg?
Could you just bore through
it with the suit or something?
>> SMITH: Yeah, there's a way
that you could bring equipment
and bore through it, but
you couldn't-- the thing is,
we wanted to find out if there
was an air cavity somewhere
around it.
Because for some reason,
we couldn't find that.
So-- but there was
a part of the rock
that was close to the surface
of earth that was touching.
So we figured, you know--
and once we did drill through,
water started coming out.
And it was only three
feet to the giant rock.
So you have billions of
pounds of water coming
through this little
hole you just
dug down deep into the
earth to get into this egg.
And now you have three
feet preventing you
from getting into the egg.
So how do you--
so what we decided
was let's bring down
billions of gallons
of liquid nitrogen,
freeze that part of the
aquifer, then drill through it,
and then go in.
>> DAVID: Do you think this
egg was actually, maybe,
some kind of hollowed
out asteroid,
and they could have phase
shifted it and landed it inside
the earth?
>> SMITH: I think,
that at one time,
it was an asteroid and
that somehow it was formed
to the earth, probably through
molten lava or something.
And over millions-- over
years, the water somehow
broke it off from the earth.
And now it's just kind of
in this area surrounded
by three feet of water.
And we're talking about a
very highly pressurized area.
>> DAVID: Wait a minute.
An asteroid would have
come from the solar system.
So are you saying, you think
it formed in the earth?
>> SMITH: Well I think
it came a long time ago.
People found this
as a safe haven.
>> DAVID: Oh, it was a
crashed asteroid to the earth,
from ancient times, and it's
a massive boulder basically
inside the earth that they
found and could hollow out.
>> SMITH: Right.
It was probably-- it
could have-- right.
They probably hollowed out, or
could have been hollowed out.
And then, for hundreds and
hundreds or thousands of years,
people were just putting
their treasures in there
and they're safe stuff,
through a very long time.
And then, I think
now, it's just a--
earth itself has
just consolidated it
in a place where it's very,
very difficult to get to.
>> DAVID: I mean, you're being
sort of intriguingly vague when
you say ruins and civilization,
could you be a little more
specific about what's
inside the egg?
What does it look like?
What would we see if we got
to ever see this someday?
>> SMITH: Well, in that egg
are those steps that we talked
about.
So we do have the
volumetric imaging for that.
So there are steps leading
down into this giant cavity.
And the problem is the
water getting in there.
Now to get into more of
what is exactly in there,
I already told you there is a
craft, there's a sarcophagi.
And that's what I was talking
about was this cavity.
>> DAVID: And this was some
kind of race of giants, then?
>> SMITH: Yeah, at one time.
But over time, I
think, people thought
this was a special place.
And also inside this giant
asteroid or whatever it is--
I'm not sure if it's an
asteroid, just so you know,
because when the back-scatter
things come back,
we get a lot of
different minerals
there and different things.
And we didn't see a
huge amount of iron.
But it's just weird
that this thing
is a giant, hollowed out rock
in the middle of the aquifer.
It's kind of just intriguing.
This is just speculation
that it is an asteroid--
we think, maybe, maybe not.
And so inside this, we have
seen many remains of humans--
over 300 remains of humans.
We have seen also armor.
We've seen, of course,
caches of gold,
the world's largest barge
could not even hold.
To the side of this giant area,
which is very high, as well,
inside, it's split up.
So it's not just like
one big giant area.
You have other
areas, like I said.
The cubes, also, are
around the outside of that
and on the inside of this thing.
So there's solid
parts inside this egg.
It's called the egg.
And inside that, are many
different types of tunnels,
and hollowed out areas, and
pyramids, and sarcophagis,
and craft, and other things.
>> DAVID: Is there anything
unusual about the skeletons,
besides maybe their size?
>> SMITH: Well the armor and
the pots that we have seen full
of gold are the same ones
they've used back around
the Knights Templar era.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: So we have a good
feeling that this is where
possibly the Ark of the Covenant
and the Holy Grail and 1700
tablets--
stone tablets are there.
>> DAVID: So you think it's
possible that the Knight
Templar people might have known
about this, perhaps, through,
who knows what-- ancient texts,
or surviving extraterrestrials
they were in contact with.
>> SMITH: Well, I can tell
you how they knew about it.
>> DAVID: How did they know?
>> SMITH: There is a small
percentage of humans who can
see in a special
blue light spectrum.
And for some reason,
this gold emanates
through the earth and foliage,
and they can see this hue.
They have this special ability.
You could probably-- I've
never read about it online.
I've just been debriefed
about it in the military.
And people are
like this are used
to find huge gold
reservoirs and also do
other things around the world,
to help America and keep
it safe.
And they have, through
satellites, found
a ping in this particular
area of North America.
And back then, the Indians
and the people over--
even if you are in Europe, and
they could see over the horizon
this blue exact hue.
So they would sail all the way
to this place, find the gold,
get the gold, and they
were very successful.
So they kept going.
And finally, they landed
in Corpus Christi--
one of the ships from
the Knights Templar.
We believe that they
trekked in somewhere up
into North America,
which I can't disclose,
and then buried it in this area
that already had the world's
largest gold reservoir,
because they thought
this would be the safest place.
>> DAVID: Very interesting.
>> SMITH: Because they were
worried that during the war,
that they better move-- the
Sinclair family took all
the money and helped pay for the
ships and the Templars helped
them.
And the Templars stayed to
protect the gold till death.
>> DAVID: One of the other
things I've heard that I think
is really important
to bring up right now,
is several insiders have
talked about the Sahara Desert,
the northern third of Africa.
And it's all a big desert
now, but they have all
said that if you go anywhere
between 40 to 400 feet down
in that sand, that
it is just amazing,
and it's everywhere-- massive
ruins of a civilization.
Have you heard about this?
>> SMITH: I have
heard about this.
>> DAVID: What do
you know about it?
>> SMITH: All I know is they did
that with a ground penetrating
radar from a satellite.
It was very simple,
because it wasn't deep.
And things that are not too deep
they can actually see through,
a certain amount,
especially sand.
But it's harder with bedrock.
And there are some
anomalies right there
that have exactly
what you just said.
And I heard that--
that's not second-hand
information.
I overheard that while
I was in a briefing that
had to do with something
else over in that country.
>> DAVID: How prevalent do you
think these voids of cubicle
rooms are?
Like-- you only
looked at one place.
Do you think that most
of the places we look,
we might find that
kind of stuff?
>> SMITH: I think this
is a significant area.
And just so you know, this
is hundreds and hundreds
of square miles of area
that we have checked out.
It's not just like
one certain area.
But that's a very small
part of the planet
is what I'm getting at.
And there was
significant enough data
there to prove that there
was a civilization there
and it is connected
to other civilizations
and other tunnels.
And that the major aquifers
under ground are all connected,
which is very scary, which
we never did know about.
So if the water does
get contaminated,
let's say in Wisconsin or in
North Dakota, South Dakota,
eventually over many, many,
many, many years all of it
could be contaminated.
So there is an underwater
system of travel, as well,
that links all these things.
>> DAVID: We've heard,
from certain insiders,
that there is a traversable
underwater channel that can go
from the West Coast of the
United States all the way
to Nebraska and that there's a
significant military base there
and that's part of how they
access it, is underwater.
>> SMITH: Yes, that's true.
I mean, the
military's been going
from the east and west
coast using the aquifers
for a very long time.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: I like the Naval
sea base that's in the middle
of Nevada there.
What's that one called?
You drive by on the way
to Vegas, or whatever.
>> DAVID: John Lear said that
was a submarine repair base.
>> SMITH: Yes.
Yes, I know the Lear family.
It's absolutely true.
And it's like a
stopping station.
And it does go all
the way across.
I don't have the map for that.
But I definitely 100% know
it goes all the way across,
because there was a
secret study done using
special dyes that they used.
And that's some-- a group
went in there--a private
organization and tainted the
water and the water off San
Diego with these
special molecules--
very organic--
couldn't hurt anything.
And then it was about
a few weeks later
they did collect them
in the Atlantic Ocean.
So it's definitely-- has a--
some sort of
throughway-- thorough way
through that entire place.
>> DAVID: Would you say that
even people serving on like
a nuclear sub might be
using these routinely?
>> SMITH: Yes, I believe so.
And also a lot of
clandestine stuff
is-- that are being used for.
And there's bases, also, on the
way there that are underground.
>> DAVID: Now, I want to
get into this a, little bit,
because you had some really
interesting stuff to say about
how this weird technology
was first developed.
>> SMITH: The technology we
were talking about earlier with
a low-frequency ground
penetrating ray are also can be
used--
it can actually be
fit inside an iPhone.
And you can place this on
your hand or on your chest
and it'll show you your hand
and you can zoom in all the way
to the actual cell and say, all
right, I have three cells here
next to him.
This one's metastatic.
I mean, this is a cancer cell.
This is a tissue
cell, and then zap it.
And now you've just
cured yourself of cancer.
So it's that-- the resolution
on this device is that amazing.
So you can actually
just put it on your hand
and then zoom right in to the
cell itself and move around.
>> DAVID: That's great.
>> SMITH: It's beautiful.
The most beautiful
technology ever.
And it's available.
It's just sitting there.
And I'm hoping that this talk
will inspire the inventor
and POTUS to step up on
that, because not only
is it a great security
thing for the world,
but it's also a good
thing for health.
It's an amazing,
beautiful thing to help--
you could heal yourself.
>> DAVID: And I
assume that this,
whatever energy it uses is
not radioactive or harmful?
>> SMITH: No, it's not--
correct.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Now, I think you
had me on the phone with
the inventor, at one point, and
he just about screwed my head
off explaining how this
technology got developed
in the first place, the
essence of metals or materials
in the periodic table,
and how it sees that.
Do you remember any of
that stuff-- what he said?
Because I'm having
trouble remembering--
it was a very complex
technical discussion.
>> SMITH: Yeah, I mean there's
only, as far as I know, one,
two, three people--
including me-- that know how
the system operates and actually
works.
And I'm not at
liberty to really talk
about that out loud,
for many reasons,
also safety for everyone
else on the planet.
If it gets in the wrong hands,
too, you have to be careful.
So it's just like other amazing
energy devices and stuff,
and portals, and
antigrav, and stuff.
Everything comes
with also a risk,
and this inventor
knows that very well.
And this inventor was
saved from another country,
and is now a US
citizen, and wants
to help US first,
and protect US,
and protect him and his family.
And he's-- the poor guy has
been through heck, of course.
But like I said, the only
thing I can tell you,
is it uses a very,
very low frequency--
back-scattered wave,
we call it-- pattern.
And it shoots back
these algorithms.
And then he's the only
one that has the program.
And only two other
people, that I know--
>> DAVID: I remember you telling
me something funny about how--
like, the government has
to come to him because he's
the only guy that has it.
So could you talk a
little bit about how--
what was his relationship with
the government as the inventor
of this technology?
>> SMITH: They're very
upset that they will not--
he will not sell this invention.
Because he is
waiting for the Cabal
to be destroyed before
giving it to POTUS,
or giving it to the right hands.
Because he is worried that
we're still not stable yet.
So he's very aware that we're
still children and not--
wouldn't be able to handle this.
But he did use it for
the Mexican tunnels
and some other amazing
clandestine projects
to protect America.
And there's a lot
of things going on
that people don't realize--
inside information, like
backpack nuclear bombs
coming up through Mexico
and things like that.
And this product
would immediately
be able to pinpoint these
things hundreds of miles
before they even get here.
And so we could take
precautionary methods
that these nukes
and things do not
make it through our borders.
And that's what the team
and the military and POTUS
are working on.
And they're not allowed
to talk about that,
because they don't want to
scare the American people.
Why he's building a
wall-- or who is doing--
why is the military out
to sea at this area?
And it's hard for them to
bring this to the people,
because if the enemy
knows that you know,
then they're going to
change everything around.
It's at a level now where
it's just who you know
and what the device is
going to be used for.
As you know, this
scientist has no interest
in billions of dollars.
He's more worried about the
safety of the United States
citizens.
And he wants to make sure when
he does turn this over, that--
and he has to be
there every shooting--
every-- when we
scan the ground, he
has to be the one
doing it, of course.
>> DAVID: All right.
Well, there's so
many questions here.
So we'll have to pick
this up again next time.
Thank you, Emery.
And thank you for watching.
I'm David Wilcock.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure,"
with our special guest, Emery
Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]